well first of all congratulations on a
movie thank you
well I'm gonna start off with a very
generic question I can you talk a little
bit more about your characters and what
they do and Google my character you know
my character is a dance instructor at
Google and to get herself through
college she's a dancer at night and has
a love kind of story with Josh burners
character my character is called a focus
because he wears that photos he is sort
of this wise sage that gives very deep
insight to Vince Vaughn's character
mm-hmm I play Graham he's from the other
interns alongside Ben snow and he's the
antagonist
how was it the first time you came here
what was your first impression of Google
we didn't come here until towards the
end of shooting and I don't think any of
us really knew what to expect like what
the set that they created in Atlanta was
beautiful and awesome and it's like Matt
was saying earlier we thought it was
like I'm much more perfect or prettier
version of what it actually was and then
we got here and we're like oh my god
it's like right on and and then we got
to learn more about what all goes on
here from cars that are like floating by
and the Google glasses and free food and
yes to take naps and volleyball and
bowling and it's a really crazy place to
sue and isn't it amazing how accurate
those sets are really because people
yeah it was incredible I can't imagine
that they can build you know it's such a
big company like doesn't make it look
like it was not here when I watch the
movie now I honestly can't remember what
yeah and that's what they try to do
right because they shot a couple of
scenes here and you can't tell where
what flawless as well as the integrator
and on a scale from one to ten how funny
are Vince and Owen in real life ten you
have done amazing things yeah yeah did
you learn anything from watching them
yeah yeah being in a class actually it
was it was amazing they're pretty
unbelievable I mean yeah their chemistry
is and their banter and their timing and
it's pretty it's pretty unique yeah when
they have like yeah there are a few
pairs that have that you know Bing
Crosby and and you know lemon and
Matthau and there's very few pairs that
in history know that kind of comes true
yeah
GAD Minghella i'ma gala there was a
decent amount of improv in this movie I
know you guys are comfortable with
improv obviously because otherwise you
wouldn't have cast in this movie but is
there any like are there any scenes in
the movie that you can take credit for
then you came up with it I think the one
that got a really big laugh is when you
talk about his accent oh yeah and I
remember watching you guys film because
it wasn't in the center like I'm the
script and that kind of pretty good that
yeah I don't know what else I'm not
gonna take credit for anything that
contributed to this movie because I
think you were just you know I cry she's
not gonna say it but I will because I
she'll be embarrassed but she improved
all of her naked dancing that wasn't
yeah that none of that was in this hope
that was her choice when you say naked
naked
no like bra panty dancing yeah yeah
originally the character was a librarian
name was Linda Mathis I want to be
Maddie and Lana and I want to dance
would you still breathe there was really
a lot I was nervous as yeah but I just
went for it
really yeah I'm really happy with that
well I'm curious like always curious
about what actors do on the day of the
the movie release what do you guys do
you guys have anything planned to do I
sacrifice a bird and you know it's like
I do a little prayer over it yeah it's
out of your control
and nothing he's got nothing to do with
you you really can't like put too much
investment end result I think isn't
actually feel bad now that I've been
sacrificing all those birds that it's
not helping